README.md, before:

# QUASAR Stochastic Optimizer

[QUASAR](http://www.quantego.com) is a state-of-the-art analytics software that empowers decision-makers to optimize models with random parameters.

Model, optimize, and analyze your decisions directly in iPython. Our trial includes many examples as well as a fully functional version of QUASAR. Only the problem size is limited to lattices with a maximum of 50 nodes per stage and 24 stages.

## Getting started

- Install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/installation/#installation) or [Kitematic](http://www.kitematic.com) on Mac OSX.
- Run `docker run -p 8888:8888 quantego/quasar` or search Kitematic for `quantego/quasar`
- Open [http://localhost:8888](http://localhost:8888)

## System Requirements
- 4 GB of memory or greater
- 64-bit Windows, Linux, or Mac OS

## Documentation

The best way to learn QUASAR is to read and run our example notebooks.

- [Newsvendor problem](https://github.com/quantego/quasar-samples/blob/master/Newsvendor.ipynb)
- [Aggregate Planning](https://github.com/quantego/quasar-samples/blob/master/AggregatePlanning.ipynb)
- [Inventory Control](https://github.com/quantego/quasar-samples/blob/master/InventoryControl.ipynb)
- [Battery Store](https://github.com/quantego/quasar-samples/blob/master/BatteryStorage.ipynb)
- [Gas Storage Valuation](https://github.com/quantego/quasar-samples/blob/master/gas/GasStorageValuation.ipynb)
- [Hydropower Planning](https://github.com/quantego/quasar-samples/blob/master/hydro/HydroChain.ipynb)

For more tutorials and API reference, go to [http://docs.quantego.com/pyquasar/](http://docs.quantego.com/pyquasar/).

## Support and Commercial Use

Quantego QUASAR is a commercial library, designed to run on top of the excellent Jupyter platform. You can test QUASAR as long as you want.  If you wish to use Quantego QUASAR in a commercial environment or remove the node and stage restrictions for academic use, please contact us at [info@quantego.com](mailto:info@quantego).

Commit message:

Add install instructions for non-Docker version

README.md, after:

# QUASAR Stochastic Optimizer

[QUASAR](http://www.quantego.com) is a state-of-the-art analytics software that empowers decision-makers to optimize models with random parameters.

Model, optimize, and analyze your decisions directly in iPython. Our trial includes many examples as well as a fully functional version of QUASAR. Only the problem size is limited to lattices with a maximum of 50 nodes per stage and 24 stages.

## Getting started with Docker

- Install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/installation/#installation) or [Kitematic](http://www.kitematic.com) on Mac OSX.
- Run `docker run -p 8888:8888 quantego/quasar` or search Kitematic for `quantego/quasar`
- Open [http://localhost:8888](http://localhost:8888)

## Getting started without Docker
If you already have your Python environment set up and know how to manage packages and run iPython/Jupyter, you can [install QUASAR directly](INSTALL.md).

## System Requirements
- 4 GB of memory or greater
- 64-bit Windows, Linux, or Mac OS

## Documentation

The best way to learn QUASAR is to read and run our example notebooks.

- [Newsvendor problem](https://github.com/quantego/quasar-samples/blob/master/Newsvendor.ipynb)
- [Aggregate Planning](https://github.com/quantego/quasar-samples/blob/master/AggregatePlanning.ipynb)
- [Inventory Control](https://github.com/quantego/quasar-samples/blob/master/InventoryControl.ipynb)
- [Battery Store](https://github.com/quantego/quasar-samples/blob/master/BatteryStorage.ipynb)
- [Gas Storage Valuation](https://github.com/quantego/quasar-samples/blob/master/gas/GasStorageValuation.ipynb)
- [Hydropower Planning](https://github.com/quantego/quasar-samples/blob/master/hydro/HydroChain.ipynb)

For more tutorials and API reference, go to [http://docs.quantego.com/pyquasar/](http://docs.quantego.com/pyquasar/).

## Support and Commercial Use

Quantego QUASAR is a commercial library, designed to run on top of the excellent Jupyter platform. You can test QUASAR as long as you want.  If you wish to use Quantego QUASAR in a commercial environment or remove the node and stage restrictions for academic use, please contact us at [info@quantego.com](mailto:info@quantego).
